NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Some of the world's best spellers lined up on the stage. Medals hung around their necks.

Many of the 46 seemed shocked they made it to the 2014 Scripps National Spelling Bee semifinals. Parents shouted and cheered, and even cried with happiness.

The Spelling Bee began 87 years ago. It has become a major event. More than 1 million students participate in local bees. The winners go to regional contests. The top 281 spellers show off their spelling abilities at the national championships. They spell some of the hardest words in the world.

The spellers came from all over the U.S. and around the world.

This year's Spelling Bee was especially dramatic. A total of 41 spellers got through the first round Wednesday without a mistake. Other spellers tripped on words like Keeshond. A Keeshond is a Dutch dog.

## Writing Words In The Air

A crowd favorite was Hussain A. Godhrawala. At 8 years old, Hussain is the youngest speller. He is from Barnwell, South Carolina. He seemed overwhelmed with joy when he got unguiculate. It means relating to nails or claws. Kasey Cuenca Torres of San Angelo, Texas, is 9. He got a rousing response to his winning word, phaeton. It is a kind of automobile without a roof.

Many of the spellers joked with pronouncer Jacques Bailly. He announces the words for the spellers. But other spellers seemed in a hurry. They wanted to get straight to their spelling.

Some spellers pretended to write their words on their name cards. They wrote invisible words on arms, hands and in the air. Others bit their lower lips. Some played with their hair. Other spellers stuck their hands deep in their pockets.

Spellers were happy to get everyday words. But they also welcomed head-scratchers. Some of the head-scratchers were galjoen, roodebok and schottische. A galjoen is an African fish. A roodebok is a small antelope. And schottische is a polka-like dance.

A few did comedy routines. Neha Seshadri is 13 and lives in Detroit. She asked Bailly: "May I take a deep breath, please?" When he said yes, she replied, "Back to business."

The spelling words came from all over the world. There was a word from the Algonquin Native American language. Other words came from Javanese, Yiddish, Russian, Dutch, Persian, Latin and Greek.

In the end, the Scripps National Spelling Bee crowned two winners Thursday night. After a five-round duel, neither competitor could miss a word. Sriram Hathwar, of Painted Post, New York, and Ansun Sujoe, of Fort Worth, Texas, shared the prize.